Rocky, extremely friendly 7 year old

Meet Rocky who is 7 years old.
Rocky found himself tossed outside when his owner passed away. 
Rocky lived indoors all his life and he was so devastated when he was forced to defend for himself on the streets.
A good Samaritan brought him inside when she realized that he was being attacked by other outdoor cats.
Rocky was scheduled for a vet appointment which included blood work . He received all required vaccines and is FIV positive. He has also been neutered and has had a dental cleaning with two extractions.
Cats with FIV can live long healthy lives.
We feel he is in the best health now.
Rocky loves head butt's and being brushed. He has been introduced to several cat toys to encourage play.
Rocky would love to be in his forever home where hw can feel loved and watch the wildlife activities from his favorite indoor perch.
Please consider giving the wonderful boy a home

Ogradygiltinan@gmail.com
144 Glenellen Road West Roxbury

Meet two adorable brothers who are 4 months old.
Koda and Bear were rescued from a high kill shelter where they were scheduled to be euthanized due to the lack of space.
Both kittens love to play with wand toys and toy mice.
Koda and Bear would do well in a quiet  home perhaps with older children.
Both kittens are neutered, vaccinated, combo tested negative and microchipped. 
Koda and Bear are being fostered in West Roxbury. 
Please request an application by email 


----
Meet sisters Amber and Autumn who are five months.
They were found in a bag at a supermarket when they were three months old.
Amber and Autumn would do well in a home where they can be given a little time to feel comfortable and loved.
Both kittens love to play with each other and with people.
Amber and Autumn have been spayed, vaccinated,  combo tested negative and microchipped. 
They would love a home where they can settle and a window where they can watch the wildlife activities.
Please consider meeting these beautiful sisters who will give so much joy.
----

Meet siblings Hobbs and Stella who are six months old.
Hobbs and Stella were found abandoned on the streets with their mother.
Both kittens would love a home where they can be given attention and love.
They love playing with toys and interacting with people. 
Hobbs and Stella have been fully vetted, spay/neuter,  vaccinated,  combo tested negative and microchipped. 
Please request an application if you would like to meet the siblings who are being fostered in West Roxbury. 