Hay muchas maneras de alimentar a los gatos comida cruda.
Este articulo cubre el metodo artesanal de alimentar comida natural cruda llamado el Modelo de Caza de Presas +. El modelo de cazar presas significa alimentar diferentes partes del la presa en 
proporciones adecuadas para aproximar lo que ellos comerian naturalmente si cazaran sus propias presas para s

This article will address a DIY method of raw feeding referred to as Prey Model Raw+. Prey model raw (PMR) means feeding different parts of animals in ratios to approximate
 what your cat would eat if eating whole prey. The “+” indicates that the common nutritional gaps that exist since whole prey isn’t being fed will be addressed in the diet through 
supplementation in some form.

A common ratio for feeding PMR for cats is 84% muscle meat, 6% edible bone, 5% liver, and 5% other secreting organs (84/6/5/5). Most cats respond well to a bone ratio in the range of 5-8%. 
You will often see a ratio of 80/10/10 or 80/10/5/5 in the larger raw feeding community, which is the standard for dogs, although some cats tolerate 10% bone just fine. 
The ratio of meat/bone/organs is the foundation of the PMR diet.
PMR is most often fed in chunks, so that your cat gets the benefit from chewing through meat and bone, and so that the food is closer to what your cat would eat in nature. 
You can feed PMR parts ground though, if that is what works best for you/your cat.
What To Feed
A crucial element of feeding PMR is variety. A variety of muscle meats, organs, and bones is very important to make sure your cat is getting a wide array of macro and micro nutrients. 
You can mix and match different animals in one meal, for example, turkey thigh/chicken wingtip/beef liver/pork kidney. Again, rotating as many different sources of meat, bone,
 and organ is highly encouraged—most sources recommend feeding between 3-5 different proteins. When feeding PMR, more is definitely better, aiming for 5-7 proteins would be better 
than the minimum of 3.
You will want to include a variety of red/white and fat/lean meats, and there are certain organs that are classified as non-secreting/muscular organs that are also fed as meat.
 Some examples of meat that can be fed: chicken, turkey, beef, pork, venison, bison, emu, duck, elk, pheasant, quail, rabbit, lamb, goat, kangaroo, and any other meats your cat might like. 
The only meats you do not want to feed are other carnivores due to issues with biomagnification. If you use wild game, it must be frozen for at least 3 weeks to kill parasites. 
Muscular organs are organs like hearts, tongue, lungs, gizzards, tripe—they should not make up more than 20% of the total of the 84% of meat. Hearts are an important source of taurine
 and should be included regularly in the diet.
Edible bones should always be fed raw and are therefore soft and pliable. Cooked bones splinter, raw bones do not. You want to use smaller bones for cats, such as chicken wingtips,
 wingettes that can be cut lengthwise, chicken and duck toes, chicken and rabbit ribs, quail, and on occasion, chicken necks (necks can have thyroid tissue on them, which you wouldn’t 
want to overfeed). If you have a cat with CKD or a senior kitty, you can use finely ground eggshell in place of bone to lower the phosphorus (the finer the grind, the more bioavailability). 
You would add 1/2 teaspoon of eggshell per pound of food, and the ratio would be 90% meat, 5% liver, 5% other organ, plus the eggshell. Please note that kittens need to be fed real bone
 for proper growth and development; the lower phosphorus of eggshell is not appropriate for kittens.
Liver is generally fed at 5%, although livers from ruminant animals should be fed closer to 2-3%. Poultry livers can be fed at 5%, with the exception of duck liver, which is extremely high
 in vitamin A. Duck liver should be fed only sparingly in the diet and at 2-3% like ruminant livers. You should use liver from different animals, such as chicken, beef, pork, lamb, goat, rabbit, etc.
 A variety of sources of liver is important as the livers from different animals have different nutrient profiles.
Secreting organs other than the liver make up the other 5-8% and include organs such as kidneys, spleen, pancreas, thymus, testes, and brains. 
Again, you should aim to use as many different animal sources as possible. If you are unable to source any second secreting organs, then additional supplementation
 would be necessary to provide the nutrients missing from the lack of a second secreting organ.
Whole raw eggs are added to round out the diet. Eggs are a source of many important nutrients, including choline. You can also offer cat-friendly grasses or animal fur for fiber.
Since you are not truly feeding the whole animal in a PMR diet, which would include fur, feathers, eyes, blood, etc., there are several common nutritional gaps to be aware of, 
which can include iodine*, manganese, vitamin E, B vitamins, zinc, iron, and omega-3, which can be met through the addition of supplements or whole foods (this is the “+”). 
You can add a premix, like Alnutrin for meat + bone (www.knowwhatyoufeed.com), or individual supplements to cover these nutritional gaps. The other option is to use whole food sources 
to cover these same gaps: for example, kelp for iodine, blue mussels or tripe for manganese, vitamin E oil, red meats or oysters for zinc, and fish oil* 
or small oily fish for omega-3s (see https://therawfedfeline.com/.../making-homemade-food-for.../ for more information).
*Note--fish oil is added at the time of serving, and should not be mixed in or frozen in a batch of food.
*Note--iodine should be added to the diet very carefully. The current NRC recommendation for iodine is too high for cats. 
Too much iodine in the diet can contribute to thyroid issues. https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/.../j.1439-0396.2009.00940.x
How To Feed
The amount of raw food to feed your cat is based on your cat’s age, weight, and activity level. Kittens should be able to eat as much as they want at each meal—
and they can eat A LOT, up to 10% of their body weight per day! Adult cats typically eat between 2-4% of their body weight per day, spread over 3-4 meals. 
Knowing your cat’s weight is important to figure out how much to feed and it’s also good to monitor, so that you know if you need to feed more or less.
Here’s an example of how to figure out how much to feed: say you have an 8 lb adult cat who is moderately active—you would first change her weight in pounds to weight in ounces
, so 8 X 16 (because there are 16oz in a pound)=128oz. If you are planning to start at 3% to feed, then you would take 128 X 3%=3.84oz per day of raw food is needed for this cat. 
Next, we can figure out how much this cat would eat for one week by taking 3.84oz X 7=26.88oz of food per week. This can be rounded up to 27oz for the sake of your own sanity. 
Now we can figure out our ratios for the week:
27oz X 84%=22.68 meat
27oz X 6%=1.62 bone
27oz X 5%=1.35 liver
27oz X 5%=1.35 other secreting organ
You will need to have a small digital scale, but you can round things to make it a bit simpler, so 23oz of meat, 1.5-2oz of bone, 1.5 oz of liver and other organs would be just fine. 
Some people figure out how much to feed by the month rather than the day or week, which is also perfectly fine and is just personal preference.
The sky's the limit for what combinations of meat/bone/liver/organ you can use in your cat’s diet! You can feed the parts of the diet separately or mixed together.
 Some people mix the meat and organ, and then feed the bone separately. You can balance your adult cat’s meals over time, usually over a week, 
or offer a completely balanced meal each time. Growing kittens need balance daily. There is a bit of trial and error to see what works for you and your particular set up.
 Freezer space & containers are important considerations as well.
Even if you don’t want to feed a PMR+ diet as your cat’s main way of eating, providing occasional chunks of raw meat, gizzards, or a chicken wingtip are wonderful additions to a cat’s diet.
**A word of note, just like when you start any new food, there is a transition period needed for your cat to get used to a new protein and especially organ meat, which is very rich. 
You might need to start with a much smaller amount of organ than the 5% to help your cat get used to it--during the transition that is ok, just not long term.
Happy feeding!!
(Graphics by Yann Chwen)