Grant for Washi

2024 Senior Pet Adoption Grant Program Terms and Conditions*
Adopter: If awarded, your organization will be responsible for finding an adopter who agrees to care for and pay expenses for the duration of the pet's lifetime when the senior pet outlives grant funding. Additionally, the goal is to secure an adopter within three months of receiving funding.  
Application: left in draft status for over 60 days will be permanently abandoned and cannot be altered or submitted again.
Awarded Grant Check: are issued in your organization's name. Direct payments are not made to the adopter.
Delivery: 30 days from the Decision Date to receive the awarded grant check via mail. If the check does not arrive within 30 days, contact Melissa. Provided that the correct mailing address was given in the grant application, we will begin the missing check process.  
Editing or Withdrawing Applications: If you must edit or withdraw your grant submission, please email your request to melissa@petfinderfoundation.com.
Eligibility: Petfinder members located in the US, Canada, and Mexico.
Forfeiture: If the awarded grant check fails to arrive via mail within 30 days from the Decision Date, and Melissa is not informed about the missing check, the awarded funding from the grant program will be forfeited.
Frequency: You may apply for this grant program multiple times throughout the year. However, applicants are only eligible to receive one awarded grant from this program per calendar year.
File Upload: Provide a file showing an expense quote, invoice, or receipt supporting the funding request.
Grant Results: This grant program is awarded monthly, it may take up to 60 days from your Submitted Date to receive the grant results via email from administrator@grantinterface.com.
Grant Program End Date: Friday, November 1, 2024, or until all funds are depleted from the program.
Maximum Funding: Grant amounts vary up to $1,000, to support the adopter and benefit the senior pet. This grant program offers four ways to promote the named senior pet to become more appealing to potential adopters.
Pet Photos: Two photos required of the adoptable senior pet or bonded senior pair.  
Relinquish: If your organization cannot use the awarded grant as intended, you agree to contact melissa@petfinderfoundation.com. Please explain why your group cannot use the awarded grant and when the Petfinder Foundation will expect to receive the relinquished grant.
Report: When the grant report is due and the named senior pet does not have a potential adopter, please contact Melissa for further instructions.
Senior Pet Age: Qualifying senior pet or bonded senior pair must be seven or older. 
Senior Petfinder Page: Qualifying adoptable senior pet must have a Petfinder Page with photo, narrative, and 'Senior' identifier.
Species of Pets: This grant program supports all species of adoptable pets.
Use of Grant: If awarded, you agree to only use the grant for the purposes described within the Use of Grant field.

----
Allowable Grant Funding
This grant program aims to enhance the appeal of adoptable senior pets, encouraging potential adopters.
Eligible senior pets must be in reasonably good health, ready for adoption, and not require any planned extensive surgery post-adoption. 
All pet species for one adoptable senior pet or bonded senior pair. 
Funding must cover the senior pet's adoption fee and post-adoption expenses for the adopter.
Post-adoption costs may include
vet visits
medication
supplements
food
enrichment
and supplies

----

Unallowable Grant Funding
Advertising and marketing
Expenses that your organization may incur while providing care or foster care, such as vetting, medical procedures, surgery, heartworm treatment, veterinary visits, training, and general costs associated with senior pets.
Senior pets should not have any surgeries planned post-adoption:
dental procedure
spay/neuter operation
mass removal
orthopedic surgery
eye surgery
ear surgery
Funding is not designed to support an organization's senior adoption program that sponsors the adoption fees for multiple senior pets that were not named in the 2024 Senior Pet Adoption Grant application.
If the named senior pet was transferred to a partner group and your organization no longer cares for or will promote the adoption of the named pet. 
-----
Request Details
Use of Grant field: To strengthen your application, avoid summarizing your organization's purpose and history. Instead, keep this section concise and focused on the problem your organization is facing. Describe how you plan to use the grant funds and what outcomes you hope to achieve. This will help ensure that your application is clear and effective.  
Funding Request: Applicants that exceed the grant program's maximum funding limit will be declined.
Total Expense: If the total expense significantly exceeds the funding request, provide details in the 'Use of Grant' section explaining how the remaining funds will be raised.  This could be through various methods such as fundraising events or donations specifically set aside to cover the total expense or total project cost.  

----
How This Grant Program will Benefit Your Adoptable Senior Pet*
If your organization is awarded the grant, you will be required to promote the adoption of your sweet senior or sweet senior pair to become more appealing to potential adopters. Please note that the Petfinder Foundation is unable to make direct payments to the adopter. 

If you are awarded the 2024 Senior Pet Adoption Grant, please select one of the options below that details how your organization will use the funds to assist the adopter and benefit the senior pet or bonded pair named in this application.

1) Grant funds will cover all the senior pet adoption fees, your organization will arrange with a local supplier for medication, special diet food, supplements, enrichment items, and other funding approved post-adoption financial support to be paid, allowing the adopter to pick up the items when needed.

2) Grant funds will cover all senior pet adoption fees, and your group will arrange for the adopter to be reimbursed by your organization for post-adoption items, the adopter will provide your organization receipts for medication, special diet food, supplements, enrichment items, and other grant funding approved post-adoption financial support.

3) Grant funds will cover all senior pet adoption fees and nonperishables, enrichment items, and other grant funding approved post-adoption items in advance and given to the adopter.

4) Grant funds will only support the named senior pet or bonded senior pair's adoption fees.


1) arrange with local supplier allowing the adopter to pick up post-adoption items.
2) arrange for the adopter to be reimbursed by your organization for post-adoption items.
3) purchase approved post-adoption items in advance and give to adopter.
4) funding will solely support the senior pet or bonded senior pair's adoption fees.


