Leo and Wendy's Love story

Early on a day in February, after taking a red eye flight to go visit my parents, I drove one hour and a half and decided to drive down the mountain instead of the highway.
I drove for 20 mins and I stopped to take a picture of a tree fern on the side of the road near a state forest.
I chose to stop there. I chose to stop then not a bit later. As I am taking a picture I hear a sound. And what happens next, that wasn't something I was expecting at all. 

 I though sounded like a cat's meow. I turn and listen. The sound happened again. I crossed the road to the other side to get closer look.
 I didn't see anything but ferns and tall grasses and the edge of the forest. Then I say "Kitty Kitty come out of the forest. If you come out I'll take you with me". 

As the grass began to quiver and the ferns parted, it revealed an orange cat. Fearless. Determined. He walked directly towards me, stared directly to my eyes and meow.
This was my very first cat rescue and the start of a love story that have changed me forever. 

 I put him in the car. I drove down the mountain to the nearest grocery store and got him few cans of cat food. I watched him devour the food and look scared like something was going to
happen to him. I arrived on the weekend so I called around to find a vet and got him the medical help he needed. Other than being a little bit thin from living on his own who know from how long,
 he was in remarkable good health. The vet thought he was about 8 month old. I got all his checks, vaccines and anything else he needed and adopted him. For 10 days he traveled with me during this trip. 
I set a litterbox in the hotel bathroom. We went to beaches, we went to cities, we went everywhere together. He slept on top of my head due to fear or for comfort. 
Downloaded an ebook about cats and cat behavior, and he rest has been a remarkable life changing experience.

Two years later I incorporated Gatos Borincoon, Inc. to help other stray cats like Leo have the love and life they deserve. Today Leo probably doesn't remember much those days. I think he does.
He still meows a lot. He is willful and determined and fearless. But so very loving and cute, and just a perfect happy cat that unknowlingly have changed the lives of docens of cats because his 
encounter with me in that forest, on that day.
